Treble One Squadron Treble One Squadron, famous aerobatic unit of the Royal Air Force making its last public appearance before reconstituting as a fighter unit, in a breathtaking display of precision flying.
Chinese Dragon The Festival of the Golden Dragon performed in Vancouver.
Wimbledon School Of Art Students from South East Asia learn how modern techniques can be applied to traditional ceramic arts.
New Zealand Sailing Sailing and other outdoor activities in New Zealand.
Royal Show The Royal Show, the most important British agricultural event of the year.
Motor Racing School A school for motor racing students.
Burma Candles Candle manufacture in Burma.
British Circus Training Quarters Watches a daily practice session in Britain of circus artistes from all over the world.
Outward Bound School Shows youth leaders from Pakistan, India, Ceylon and Malaya visiting an outward bound school in England.
Sandhurst Passing Out Parade Shows cadets of the Senior Division of Sandhurst military academy on parade for the last time as they conclude their two years of training. Amongst the friends and relatives watching this passing out parade are the Ambassador of Thailand and Princess Marina.
Farnborough Air Display Visits the then annual Farnborough Air Display, which was attended by many overseas visitors. Featured aircraft include: the Jump Jet, the Argosy, the Comet and the Lightning.
Bicycles Cross-country bicycle racing with a glance behind the scenes of the Raleigh factory in Birmingham where bicycles are manufactured.
Supreme Patriach of Thailand Visit The Supreme Patriarch of Thailand's [Plod Kittisobhana] visit to London and his tour of Westminster Abbey and the Royal Thai Embassy, together with scenes of the recent tour by HRH Princess Alexandra to Bangkok.
Kew Gardens A look at the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew.
Toy Fair Toy fair at Brighton.
Show-Jumping Shows young riders being instructed in show-jumping. Includes a slow motion sequence of the adult rider Pat Smythe taking a double fence.
Make-Up Feature on make-up, which shows a Burmese model being made-up to take part in the  fashion show filmed for the next story. It also visits a cosmetics factory near London.
Dress Show Burmese model, Ma Sein and English model, Penny Frith take part in a dress show featuring the work of London fashion designer, John Cavanagh.
Coconut Matting The husk of coconuts, from the palms of Ceylon, becomes gaily-coloured matting woven by the island's craftsmen.
Cowes Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, which every year attracts the world's finest yachtsmen to its famous regattas and ocean races.
Royal Naval College, Dartmouth Officer cadets, at Dartmouth's famous naval college, train for the responsibilities of command in the navies and fleet air arms of their own countries.
Children's Festival A 3-day festival in Hong Kong, traditionally held to placate the spirits of islanders who were killed in a pirates' massacre 80 years ago. Children dressed in colourful period costume ride the streets delicately balanced on decorated floats.
Ribena Blackcurrants, a rich source of vitamin C, are harvested in England, their sun-rich juice pressurised into a purple torrent and bottled, factory-fresh, for lovers of health drinks all over the world.
Riding Stables 'Roundabout' visits racing stables at Andover in England, where a group of Malayan jockeys are training with the horses of a famous Malayan owner.
Ascot The scene switches to Royal Ascot, one of the most lively events in the English calendar, also well-known for its fashionable profusion of strange and elegant hats.
Australian Surf Riding Inside Australia's coral reefs, surf-riders glide on the high waves towards sunny beaches.
Desert Story Shows a mechanical excavator digging out sand from a desert, which is then loaded onto a lorry.
Glass Foundry Visits a glass foundry, showing the manufacture of jars, bottles and decorative glassware.
Design Centre Follows her Royal Highness Princess Chichibu of Japan through the Design Centre in London, where artists have been at work among the necessities of life turning all manner of utilitarian things into objects of beauty.
King Of Thailand In Malaya Finally, we join their Majesties the King and Queen of Thailand on their state visit to Malaya and see the extensive work of land-development and the resettlement of homeless people there.
Three Cities - Djakarta, Saigon, London 'Roundabout' cameras visit Djakarta, Saigon and London, comparing the interesting modern architecture to be found in each of these cities.
Gold And Silversmithing After a brief look at the treasures housed in one of London's best known older buildings - the Mansion House, official home of the Lord Mayor, modern day production of gold and silverware by British craftsmen is shown.
U Thant At The Mansion House Returning to the Mansion House, we meet the Lord Mayor of London who is seen receiving U Thant, Acting Secretary General of the United Nations, and U Hla Maung, the Burmese Ambassador in London, on the occasion of a banquet, given in their honour.
New Zealand Motor Racing Visits the Ardmore motor racing track near Auckland, in New Zealand's North island, to witness the country's biggest sporting event, the New Zealand Grand Prix.
Minicars Visits a factory in Britain making the small cars which are popular with motorists all over Europe. The motor works attract many visitors.
Vauxhall's Factory Visits Vauxhall's motor manufacturing works, the record output for which is twelve hundred and forty vehicles in one day. Amongst the visitors is Mr Umar Said, editor of the Indonesian newspaper 'Ekonomi Nasional'.
Rubber Visits a rubber tree plantation in South East Asia. Rubber trees were introduced to the region by British botanists, who grow seeds from South America in London hothouses. Shows the tapping and harvesting processes performed by a female worker. The processing of various forms of rubber, including "smoked sheet" which goes into motor tyres, "sole crepe" and "Linatex" is shown, as well as the rolling out, trimming, drying, grading and packing operations.
Skin Diving The new activity of skin diving for work or recreation relies on rubber for the aqualung and wet-suit. This item provides a brief history of diving, including the invention in 1943 of the aqualung. Shows divers lifting an anchor using waste air from their aqualungs to blow up a bag, which acts under water rather like a gas-filled balloon does in the air.
Jet Boat Shows a new and versatile British jet boat, which can reach speeds of 35 mph, is rudderless - course is changed by changing the direction of the water forced through the jet aperture - and is powered by an ordinary car engine.
Palm Oil - Malaya Visits a new palm oil producing factory at Norrib on the west coast of Malaya, showing the production processes. Then, travels to a factory in North West England which uses palm kernels imported from Malaya in the production of food for farm animals. A party of visitors from the Philippines being shown round the factory includes Senator Francisco Rodrigo, M Mariano del Rosario and Mr Fernando Sison. The animal foodstuff produced also includes rice-bran from Burma.
Smallholding U Khin Maung Yi, editor of the Rangoon 'Mirror' and U On Khin, editor of Mo Gyo visit a Burmese smallholding and examine the poultry-keeping methods and chrysanthemum crop. Selling through the Land Settlement Association, a co-operative venture, assures farmers of good markets for produce produced to a high standard. The grading of tomatoes for size and quality is shown.
Australian Sheep Shearing Shows a team of Australian sheap shearers at work, and the work of the wool classer in estimating the quality and condition of the fleece to grade it for export to woollen mills around the world.
Royal Corps Of Signals Motor Cycle Team Shows a display by British Army motor cycle despatch riders.
Timber Highlights the important timber industries of Burma, North Borneo, Sarawak, Laos and Thailand, showing how trees are felled and logs transported. Features teak from Thailand and ramin wood from Sarawak, and shows the floating of timber along the sea bound course of the River Rejang to saw mills where it is cut and stored ready for shipping. Also shows a Scottish liner setting off from an Asian port with a cargo of timber.
Furniture Making Visits a furniture factory in southern England, showing the use of woods grown in Asia in the production of chairs.
Plastics Visits a British factory which produces a range of plastics and moulds them into a variety of different products.
Hampton Court Shows a visit to the grounds and state rooms of Hampton Court Palace made by Madame Diah, wife of the Indonesian Ambassador with a party of ladies from the Indonesian community in London, including Mrs Sukarno, wife of the Embassy Press Attache, and Mrs Maris, wife of the Naval Attache. The ladies also visit the glasshouse and sample the black grapes that fruit on the two-hundred year-old vine.
Commonwealth Institute Visits the newly built Commonwealth Institute in London, which was opened in November 1962 by Queen Elizabeth II, and has a permanent exhibition providing examples of the culture and industry of some forty Commonwealth countries.
Edinburgh Tattoo Shows soldiers of the Commonwealth taking part in the military tattoo held annually on the esplanade of Edinburgh Castle. Features the first appearance of the pipes, drums and bandsmen of the 2nd Sikh Regiment and the participation of the 61st Indian Cavalry.
Kaitak Airport The inauguration of Hong Kong's Kaitak airport terminal.
Visit To Pakistan By Aga Khan His Highness Prince Karim Aga Khan visits Pakistan's Ismaili community.
Colombo Plan Phillipino Candido Honrado is welcomed to London as the 5,000th trainee to get to Britain under the Colombo Plan.
Royal Mint Visits the Royal Mint in London, which manufactures coins for countries all over the world, including those in Latin America, Africa and Asia, as well as for Britain itself.
Tobacco - Wills Factory Visits a factory where raw tobacco is made into cigars and cigarettes.
Army Gymnastics A display by Army Physical Training Corps instructors.
Army Assault Course British Army soldiers undergoing the rigours of modern trainng and demonstrating a mountain rescue operation.
Cambodian Cigarettes Cigarette making in Cambodia with British machines.
New Zealand Gliding Gliding in New Zealand.
Bookshop Miss Vatsana, a law student from Laos visits a Books From Britain exhibition held in a London bookshop.
Printing Visits a factory in eastern England which prints books in English and other languages which are intended for the Asian market.
Patrol Boat Built For Malayan Navy The launching of a new patrol boat for the Royal Malayan Navy.
Shipbuilding Shipbuilding in Britain.
Water Skiing Water skiing.
Hong Kong Fish Market The Fish Marketing Organisation of Hong Kong, which ensures that local fishermen receive a fair price for their catch.
The Aarey Milk Colony In India The Aarey Milk Colony, a modern dairy plant in India.
Polyurethane Foam The manufacture, in southern England, of polyurethane foam, a material used for upholstery and packaging.
Building Of A New Stand At Ascot The building, in ten months, of a new grandstand at Ascot's race-course.
Ceylon Tea Tea growing in Ceylon, one of the world's largest growers.
Brunei Oil An oilfield and refinery at Seria, in Brunei.
Ideal Home Exhibition A display of Hong Kong's arts and crafts at London's Ideal Home Exhibition.
New Face Of Windsor The redecoration of the historic town of Windsor.
Australian Rodeo Visits an Australian rodeo.
Hong Kong Stamps Visits a postage stamp exhibition held in Hong Kong's City Hall. The exhibition, which was opened by government administrator, Mr C.B. Burgess, marked the 100 years that the country's postal service has been in operation.
Making Postage Stamps The printing of a postage stamps in a factory in southern England, including stamps produced to assist the Freedom From Hunger Campaign.
Factory Safety Follows a party of Asian visitors - among them Mr Syannanda of Thailand and Mr Barcial, Miss Abalos and Mr Torresap of the Philippines to the Industrial Health and Safety Centre in London.
Kenwood Mixer Demonstrates the applications of the British-made Kenwood food mixer.
The M1 At Speed Item about speed and safe driving. Shows speeded-up travel on the MI motorway filmed through a car windscreen, with another car overtaking at even greater speed; then shots of feet working the pedals to slow the car down, and the vehicle approaching a roundabout at normal speed. This is followed by a shot looking down Piccadilly Circus with traffic travelling at normal speed, followed by a through the windscreen shot of the car approaching Piccadilly at high speed and driving into the back of a taxi.
Malayan Shadow Puppets The famous Wayang Kulit puppeteers of Malaya.
Laotian Prince at Pinewood The visit of HRH Prince Chantharangsi of Laos to Britain's Pinewood film studios.
A.E.I. Story Visits an A.E.I. factory in northern England, where they are making large generators to create electric power all over the world. Featured is Debi Prasahd Sen Goop Ta, an apprentice from India.
Hydro Electric Power In India The development of hydro-electric power in India.
Light Bulb Manufacture In India Visits a new factory in India which makes electric light bulbs.
Mushroom Growing Shows the large-scale growing of mushrooms in dark caves in the West of England.
Sarawak Regatta A regatta in Sarawak.
Sugar Plantations of Mauritius The sugar plantations of Mauritius.
Chocolate The manufacture of sweets in England.
Deaf And Dumb Children A school for deaf children in England and three Burmese teachers who are gaining experience there in order to benefit deaf children in their own country.
Sydney Harbour Shows goods being shipping from and into the Port of Sydney and marvels at the engineering wonder of the city's single-span bridge.
Indian Training College Visits an industrial training college in India located within a British designed and built factory at Bhopal in India, which produces a wide range of electrical plant, including switch gear, control gear and power transformers.
Gearless Motor Scooter A gearless motor scooter made in the English Midlands.
Hendon Police College Overseas police officers on a course at Hendon Police College.
Glyndebourne Glyndebourne - a country house in Sussex which has become a world centre of opera.
Aluminium The manufacture of aluminium in Scotland.
Hawker  Avro 748 The qualities of the British-built Hawker Siddley Avro 748.
Moulton Bike The new Moulton bicycle, with its revolutionary suspension.
St Mary's Hospital Studies and experiments carried out by London medical students.
Thai Summer School The annual reunion of Thai students in Britain.
Sarawak Radio The varied programmes of Radio Sarawak.
Yorkshire Post A visit to the 'Yorkshire Post' by the director of the Laotian Information Services.
Pestalozzi Village The Pestalozzi Children's Village in England, where several young Tibetan refugees have found a home.
Sui-Gas Pipeline The Sui Gas Pipeline, Pakistan's 348-mile link with the natural gas resources of Baluchistan.
Motor Cycle Racing Motor-cycle racing in Britain.
Philippine Rice Planting Rice planting in the Philippines.
Lavender Perfume Making Perfume manufacture in England.
Borneo Teacher Two Borneo schoolteachers, Mr Mohidin and Mr Jahali, who are studying English methods of educating young children.
Slade School Of Art London's Slade School of Art, where Mr Wong-Uparaj, a promising Thai artist, is studying.
British Weaving Mills Wool-cloth weaving in Scotland.
Children's Judo Judo lessons for British schoolchildren.
Gliding Gliding clubs in Britain.
Paperback Books The production of paper-back books in London for sale all over the world.
Forestry A large tree nursery in South Wales.
Commonwealth Parliamentarians Tour The ninth conference of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association in Kuala Lumpur and the delegates' tour of Malaysia to see various health and industrial projects.
Boat Show Visits London's International Boat Show and discusses a new process for combatting the teredo beetle, a tropical insect which damages boats' wooden hulls.
Making Speaker's Chair For Malaysian Parliament The making of the Speaker's Chair, Britain's traditional gift to new Commonwealth parliament, for Malaysia's Parliament.
British Broadcasters The visit to an English village by Asian commentators on a special BBC training course.
Chrysanthemum Nursery The all-the-year-round growing of chrysanthemums in British greenhouses.
Weed Control In New Zealand Weed-killing from the air in New Zealand.
Rubber Research The work of the rubber research institutes in Malaysia and England.
Leather Workers Overseas students studying leather science at the Northampton College of Technology.
Triplex Glass The testing of toughened glass.
Wedgwood Bus On Cups Perfectionist standards at Wedgewood's china factory.
Girl Wall Of Death Rider A wall of death performance.
Singapore Happy Homes The building of new housing estates in Singapore.
Delhi Flower Show The despatch of flowers from London's Covent Garden to the annual Delhi Flower Show.
Steel Works A modern steel works in the north of England, which was visited by United Nations delegates.
Blue Pullman The trial run of a Blue Pullman, one of Britain's most modern and luxurious trains.
Lightning Fighter The Lightning fighter, an advanced British fighter which can fly at 1,500 mph.
New Zealand/Hong Kong Milk New Zealand milk which is dehydrated and shipped to Hong Kong.
Carlisle Waterworks Water purification in the north of England.
Marmalade Making In Scotland Marmalade making in Scotland.
Arts In Thailand An exhibition of Thai art in London's Victoria and Albert Museum.
Chromosomes The discovery, by British scientists, of the substance through which hereditary characteristics are passed from parent to child.
Pakistan Cable Electric cable manufacture in Karachi.
Hong Kong Housing The opening of another new housing estate in Hong Kong.
Shakespeare's Birthday Representatives of Asian countries join in Shakespeare's four-hundredth anniversary celebrations at Stratford-on-Avon.
Balloon Story About the sending up of a scientific balloon to measure the intensity of cosmic rays.
Riker Labs Achievements of medical research at a laboratory in the Midlands (particularly in the field of bronchial complaints).
Gyro Boats - Norfolk Broads An unusual leisure-time activity gaining popularity in Britain - riding hydroplanes - bouncing boats which travel across water at more than 70 mph.
Thai Red Cross (Blood Donors) The presentation of Red Cross Honour medals by Queen Sirikit of Thailand to blood donors of Thailand and the British Army.
Large Dams The Large Dams Congress, in Scotland, where delegates from all over the world admired the Shira Dam, Europe's largest.
Wallingford Research Station A British research station for the study of hyrdo-electric power projects.
Sea School Cadets A school run by an English merchant shipping line where cadet sailors from many countries learn the principles of seamanship.
Sand Yachting Sand yachting.
Malayan Handicrafts An exhibition of Malaysian handicrafts at a new museum in Kuala Lumpur.
Wilkinson's Swords The manufacture of ceremonial swords and agricultural implements by an English steel firm.
Fifteen Million Blooms A Year A Canadian firm which is the world's largest producer of cut flowers and plants.
Tropical Research The work of the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine.
Mullards The assembly in Britain of miniature transistors, which will eventually be used in electronic apparatus for space travel.
Cranwell The Royal Air Force College at Cranwell, where future pilots and navigators are trained.
Jodrell Bank A powerful new telescope at Jodrell Bank radio astronomy station.
Map Survey A visit by members of the International Congress of Geographers to a British map-making firm.
Malta Trade Fair The Malta International Trade Fair.
New Zealand Frigate The voyage home of the 'Otago' a new frigate built in Britain for the Royal New Zealand Navy.
O For Oxygen Some of the uses of British oxygen.
Candle Maker A London firm which makes candles in many shapes and sizes.
Faraday House Faraday House in London, where students come from all over the world to learn electrical engineering and other allied subjects.
Volcanic Power The harnessing of steam power from the volcanic areas of New Zealand.
Thai VSO An English schoolmaster sent by the Voluntary Service Overseas organisation to teach in Thailand.
Nutrition Various aspects of the science of nutrition which is being studied at the universities of London and Reading by students from all over the world.
Smiths Clocks The manufacture of clocks in Britain.
Hong Kong House Hong Kong House, a hostel and social centre for Hong Kong students in London.
Let's Go To Birmingham A trick-of-the-camera train ride at 400 mph.
Malacca Fishery Institute The Fish Culture Institute in Malacca.
Hong Kong Met Officer At Gatwick The training at Gatwick of weather forecasters from overseas.
Farnborough Britain's latest aircraft, both civil and military, on show at the 1964 Farnborough Air Display.
Commonwealth Flower Show In Ceylon Tea Centre, London An exhibition of Commonwealth flowers, held to raise money for the Royal Commonwealth Society for the Blind, at London's Ceylon Tea Centre.
Buddhist Relic - Chiswick The presentation of a relic of the Buddha to a London temple by Mrs Bandarainaike, Prime Minister of Ceylon.
Johore Blind School The Princess Elizabeth School for the Blind in Johore Bahru, Malaysia.
Save The Children Fund A money-raising international fete in London, to which forty nations sent products to be sold for the Save the Children Fund.
Ballet School of Margot Fonteyn London's Royal Ballet School, which trains aspiring ballerinas from all over the world.
Burmese Regalia The return to Burma by Britain of the priceless Burmese Regalia, the most important single collection of Burmese art.
Lord Mayor's Show Cars of all types, old and new, which took part in the Lord Mayor of London's Show.
Seacom Operation Seacom, the laying of telephone cables between Sabah, Singapore and Hong Kong.
Butterfly Boats A New Zealand sailing race, in which the competitors were all children who had made their own craft.
Youth Leaders The training provided by the National College of Youth Leadership in Britain.
Carpet Testing Testing the strength of carpets manufactured from a special man-made fibre.
Dracones Dracones made of rubber and nylon which can be filled with large volumes of liquid and towed through water like a barge.
Toy Fair Brighton Some of the many kinds of toys on show at the annual British Toy Fair.
Crystallographer An explanation of crystallography by Miss Srinuan Chawasie from Thailand.
The Colombo Plan Exhibition A Colombo Plan exhibition, in London, at which countries that benefit from the Plan were represented.
Locusts The work of the Anti-Locust Research Centre in London.
Singapore Police Chief Overseas policemen at a Scottish police college.
Canada Today Youth water activities in Canada.
Alcan Aluminium A new aluminium works in Canada.
Cut Glass English craftsmen making glassware by hand.
Seato Graduate School Of Engineering The study of the flow and force of water at a hydraulics laboratory in Bangkok.
Atlantic College Atlantic College in Wales, where boys of different nationalities who are preparing for university entrance take part in such character-building activities as cliff-rescue work.
Lahore Cattle Show Some of the attractions of the annual Lahore Horse and Cattle Show.
Visitors To M1 The building of an English motorway, which was inspected by Prince Sisalumsak and Prince Panya from Laos.
Tractor School The instruction of agricultural students - many from Asian countries - in the uses and maintenance of farm tractors.
Frozen Peas The harvesting, preparation and quick-freezing of peas.
Bacteriologist An English research centre, where experiments are conducted to make sure frozen foods are always satisfactory.
Malaysian Rubber Research Scientific methods for improving the yield of rubber trees in Malaysia.
Commonwealth MPs The visit of members of Commonwealth parliaments to the Commonwealth Institute and the British Council Overseas Students Centre in London.
Dr Barnardo Homes Youth leaders from Ceylon visiting one of Dr Barnardo's Homes for children in the north of England.
Goya The Goya Exhibition at Burlington House.
Cartoonist Mr Anwar Ali - better known as the cartoonist Nanna of the Pakistan Times - at a London studio which produces animated films.
Hong Kong Children The educational and medical facilities available to the children of Hong Kong.
Steven Austin The printing of Eastern languages by a London firm.
Batik Artist A display of Batik painting by Malaysian artist Chuah Thean Teng and of wood and metal sculpture by Cheun Yee of Hong Kong at the Commonwealth Art Gallery in London.
Leyland Motors Indian student engineers at a large English motor works which was visited by Indian Trade Union leaders.
Britax Safety Belts The testing of a new type of safety belt for motorists.
Sabah Rebuilding New town and road development schemes in Sabah.
Islamabad Islamabad, the new capital of Pakistan.
Cumbernauld A visit by international journalists to Cumbernauld new town in Scotland.
Visual Aids A special course for teachers at London's Overseas Visual Aids Centre.
Kingston Art School Kingston College of Art, the top fashion design school in Britain.
Christmas Decorations The manufacture of decorations for festive occasions at a Welsh factory.
Nuclear Power Stations Nuclear power in Britain.
Korean Physicists Features two physicists from the University of Sole in Korea, who are working in the Nuclear Engineering Department of Queen Mary College, at London University. Mr Kim is doing research into the way netrons behave inside a reactor; Dr Chung studies the behaviour of heat vapour waves when they have passed through special eqquipment, as part of research into the best way to use the heat generated by nuclear reactors.
Chulalongkorn University The research in nuclear physics conducted at Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok, Thailand, which is supported by technical assistance provided under the Colombo Plan.
Sussex University Features a new research unit for multi racial studies at Sussex University.
The Magna Carta The 750th anniversary of Magna Carta.
Thai Silk The Thai silk industry.
Batik Fabric About London dress designer Noel Dyrenforth who uses the traditional batik technique.
Scouts On Discovery Features sea scouts training on Captain Scott's ship Discovery, on the Thames.
John Biscoe Takes a look at the John Biscoe on one of its trips to the British Antarctic Survey.
Commonwealth Festival A single subject issue on the Commonwealth Arts Festival.
Lister Centenary The centenary of Lister's discovery of the principle of asepsis which revolutionised surgery throughout the world.
Long Life Milk The sterilisation of milk.
Schools In Sabah Education in Sabah, Malaysia.
Cable & Wireless School The Cable and Wireless School in Britain and a visit by one of its students to the nearby open air theatre at Minnack.
TV Puppets From Thunderbirds Behind the scenes of the televised science fiction puppet show 'Thunderbirds'.
Neon Lights The manufacture in Britain of neon signs.
South Wales Switchgear The manufacture in South Wales of electric switchgear intended for customers in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Switchgear The installation in Hong Kong of the electric switchgear constructed in South Wales.
London College Of Printing The London College of Printing where a Filipino student demonstrates his work in the final year of his diploma course.
Mons Officer Cadet School The training of officer cadets, among whom are two from Brunei and Malaysia, at the Mons Officer Cadet School, Aldershot, in southern England.
Canadian Glass Glass ornaments made in Canada by craftsmen using traditional Venetian methods.
Plant Breeding A plant-breeding station in Wales where students learn techniques for improving the quality of grass and clover for pasturelands and where a Madras student is seen collecting grass pollen.
Thai Boxing The unique sport of Thai boxing at the Royal Palace Stadium in Bangkok.
Football Making A British football factory where the future World Cup balls are seen being made.
Stanley Matthews A farewell to soccer for Sir Stanley Matthews after 30 years in top-class football.
Coromandel Furniture Coromandel furniture hand-made in Hong Kong by unique traditional processes.
Day Old Chicks A modern British egg hatchery, which exports many day-old chicks.
Teaching Loops - Cranfield The Cranfield College of Aeronautics and the work of its students.
Model Planes A model aeroplane factory and a demonstration of radio-controlled flight.
Children On Asian Exhibition The Children of Asia Exhibition held in London to show English children how their Asian contemporaries live and play.
Aerial Survey Aerial survey planes of a famous firm of British mapmakers photographing land for precise and detailed maps.
Sabah Forestry The logging industry - an important source of income for Sabah.
Wood Research Britain's Forest Products Research Laboratory where timber is studied in every aspect.
Royal School of Needlework The restoration of ancient tapestries and the creation of modern tapestries and embroideries at the Royal School of Needlework in London.
Scooter Rally An international motor-scooter rally held in England at which 14 countries were represented.
VSOs In Korea Korea today where some young British graduates are teaching at Hankuk University under the Voluntary Services Overseas scheme.
Stamp Exhibition A stamp exhibition held in London.
GPO Mechanisation Progress made in automated sorting by the British Post Office.
Grass Reclamation In Australia The experimental soil analysis that accompanies land clearance and reclamation in the Australian outback.
Soft Toys Soft toy making at a Northern Ireland factory.
Malaysian Dancers Malaysian student folk dancers in London portraying a traditional wedding ceremony.
Hong Kong Ocean Terminal A new ocean terminal at Hong Kong which enables giant passenger liners to berth at the port for the first time.
National College Of Agricultural Engineering At Silsoe The National College of Agricultural Engineering where students are seen studying weather conditions, soil conservation and the performance of experimental tractors.
Westminster Abbey Flowers A three day festival of flowers at which blossoms were received from 17 Commonwealth countries to decorate Westminster Abbey during its nine hundredth anniversary celebrations.
Spode The design and production of a commemorative Westminster Abbey plate by a famous firm of English potters.
Land Sailing The modern sport of land yachting on a disused airfield in northern England.
VSOs in Malaysia Young students teaching in colleges at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, under the Voluntary Service Overseas scheme.
British Drama League An advanced course in stagecraft and acting at the British Drama League in London, attended by students from 16 countries.
Hovershow '66 Some hovercraft seen at Hovershow 66.
Liquid Seaweed Fertilizer Collecting seaweed from Scottish shores for the production of liquid fertiliser.
Time Lapse Photography Time-lapse photography being used by a British firm to study plant reactions to fertilisers and temperature variations.
BAC 111 In Bangkok The arrival at Bangkok of the BAC One Eleven "bus stop jet" during a world demonstration tour.
Skin Diving Meticulous tests on deep sea diving suits.
Expo '67 Some of the exhibition pavilions under construction at Montreal for Expo 67.
Press And Publication Government information officers from eight countries covering tennis at Wimbledon during a press and publications course.
Beryl Grey Famous ballet dancer Beryl Grey, who is now Director General of the Arts Education Trust in London, training the young dancers of today.
Kandy Perahera The traditional annual Perahera in Kandy, Ceylon, when Buddha's Tooth - a sacred relic - is paraded through the ancient capital in splendid ceremony.
Visitors To MIRA The Commonwealth Engineering Conference held in Britain, which was attended by delegates from eleven countries.
Crossland Filters Air filters for cars made by an English factory in the Midlands.
Green Slate Green slate quarried exclusively in the Lake District for world export.
Korean Nurses The Royal College of Nursing's golden jubilee celebrations this year and some of the nurses which it trains.
TV In Malaysia [Colour] The production and testing of cathode ray tubes for television sets at a British factory.
Royal Show Prize winning livestock at the Royal Show and the latest farm machinery exhibits.
World's Rice Rice planting machines and tractors demonstrated before overseas buyers in a "rice field" especially created in the English Midlands.
Crystal Palace Sports London's National Recreation Centre, which is visited by sportsmen from many countries.
Asian Trade Fair British Day at Bangkok's international trade fair - the first to be held in Asia.
Display Industry The Central Office of Information's Exhibitions Department in London, where designers are completing work on the British pavilion for Canada's Expo '67.
Stodart Carpets A famous Scottish carpet factory, which exports to more than 30 countries.
Insurance Insurance students, on a course in London, study fire, burglary and accident risks.
The Lord Mayor's Show The Lord Mayor's Show held annually in the City of London.
Pakistani Boats A Pakistani boat building firm which uses British marine engines and has a British director, Mr Livingstone.
Net Making In Bridport The long-established manufacture of nets in a variety of materials and for many different purposes in Bridport, southern England.
MEXE Delegates from India and Burma to the International Road Federation Conference watching a demonstration of heavy vehicles at Britain's Experimental Engineering Establishment.
Matchbox Cars The production of "matchbox cars" - 2-inch replicas of current models and vintage cars.
Miniature Racing Cars Formula Four racing in miniature cars run on motor-cycle engines.
Ceylon Textiles The Ceylonese weaving industry started by Mrs Barbara Sansoni.
Ceylon Tea Centre A display of textiles at the Ceylon Tea Centre in London.
Huddersfield Technical College Delegates to the Commonwealth Conference on Technical Education visiting Huddersfield Technical College to study visual training aids.
Aerial Scooter Wing Commander Kenneth Wallis demonstrating his one-man autogyro.
Raleigh Cycles Four provincial governors from Thailand visiting England's largest bicycle works.
Adventure Schooner The training schooner 'Winston Churchill', is manned by a crew of boys who learn to sail and taste adventure.
New Zealand Apples Apple growing in New Zealand and the market for exports in Singapore.
The Camborne School Of Mines Overseas students at the Camborne School of Mining in the South West of England.
The Tin Research Institute Members of the International Tin Council from Indonesia, Thailand and Malaysia visiting the Tin Research Institute.
Fire Engine Making The manufacture of immensely strong Merryweather fire-engines and equipment.
Vintage Car Rally Delhi The annual vintage car rally at Delhi, organised by Professor Moore.
Indian Institute Of Technology A tour of Delhi's Institute of Technology where Professor Moore is the Professor of Engineering.
Joblings Glassware Production in Sunderland of laboratory and oven-proof glassware.
Singapore Delegates at Gas Field Drilling for gas in the North Sea and a party of journalists from Singapore inspecting and inland rig in Yorkshire.
Bracknell New Town Princess Sherada Shah of Nepal visiting Bracknell New Town and the child welfare services with her husband.
Volunteer Emergency Service The Volunteer Emergency Service created and run by young motorcyclists.
McGredy's Roses Sam McCredy's famous rose nurseries in Northern Ireland and his strand at the Chelsea Flower Show 1967.
Sandersons The design and manufacture of Sandersons' wallpaper.
Expo '67 Sculpted papier-mache figures for the 'Britain Today' section in the British Pavilion at Expo '67, and a tour of the British, Indian, Burmese, Ceylonese, Thai and Korean pavilions.
Manila Technical Institute British equipment in the Fine Mechanics section of the Scientific Instrumentation Centre in the Philippines.
National Physical Laboratory A visit by the King of Thailand to the Ship Division of Britain's National Physical Laboratory.
Glenmark The prevention of storm flooding in New Zealand.
Bath Domestic College Asian students attend a home economics course at Bath College.
Water Ski Circus Dancers take part in a water ballet, as part of a sea circus on skis. Clowns and acrobats also feature.
Hong Kong Queen Elizabeth Hospital The latest equipment in the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Hong Kong.
Sky Van The convertible plane, Sky Van.
Concorde Nose Cone A model of the Anglo-French Concorde airliner, and a knitwear firm in Scotland preparing the nose-cone of glass fibre to house radar equipment.
Ealing Technical College School of Photography A Vietnamese student in a photographic section at Ealing Technical College.
Expo '67 'La Ronde' international fair at Expo '67.
Land Development In Malaysia A new village surrounded by palm-oil groves, established on land reclaimed from the Malaysian jungle.
Tropical Productions Institute Crop study at the Tropical Products Institute by students from Nepal and Thailand.
Clarks Shoes Gay young fashions in Britain's output of plastic shoes.
Sea Truck The fibreglass 'Sea Truck', a British invention based on the hovercraft principle.
Severn Bridge The final construction stages of the Severn Bridge, which was later seen by an Indian delegate to the International Road Federation Conference in London.
Heavy Electrical Industries In Bhopal India's first large-scale plant producing heavy electrical machinery, which was set up at Bhopal by a leading British company.
GPO Riggers Safety instruction at a GPO training school for riggers working on pylons.
Chubb Locks Testing security against fire and theft at one of Britain's biggest safe manufacturers.
Sevenoaks School An experimental approach to education at Sevenoaks School, where boys from many parts of the world learn to develop their initiative and inventiveness.
Manly Marineland In Australia Sharks and other fish being fed by frogmen in a huge seawater tank at Sydney, Australia.
Ceylon Dairy Fast expanding milk output in Ceylon.
Animal Productions A visit to a Scottish sheep farm by delegates to the International Congress of Animal Production.
Mini Tractors The versatile British mini tractor.
Crystal Palace Athletics at Crystal Palace.
Olympics Preparations for the Olympic games by a sports equipment firm in Cambridge.
Hockey - India v Pakistan The India vs. Pakistan hockey match played in the London Pre-Olympic Hockey Tournament.
Hong Kong Week Hong Kong Week at which local products and fine craftsmanship were on show.
Factory For The Blind Factory work by the blind, who can nowadays work efficiently in competitive trades.
Glasgow TV Glasgow Educational Television Service, which is an important aid to teaching in that city.
EMI Records Tape assembling for the master disc at a London studio, where Suvi Grubb from India has become one of Britain's top recording managers, and factory production of the records.
Rama Rao An exhibition of abstract painting by the Indian artist, Rama Rao, at the Commonwealth Institute.
Chiang Mai University British staff teaching under the Colombo Plan at the new Thai university of Chiang Mai, where students maintain the traditional Kathin ceremony.
Police School A special course for police officers from 12 countries at a detective training school in the north of England.
Jetstream The building and inaugural flight of Handley Page's new double duty aircraft, the Jetstream.
Miniature Racing Cars Miniature racing cars, named Formula Six, invented and sold by a British businessman.
Madras Industries Modern car and tyre industries in Madras.
Traffic Jam Testing Traffic problems investigated at Britain's Road Research Laboratory.
Slumberland Stringent manufacturing tests for mattresses.
London College Of Fashion The London College of Fashion, where many overseas students take a three-year course.
Commonwealth Fashions A Commonwealth fashion show at Marlborough House, attended by HRH Princess Margaret.
Kuala Lumpar Kuala Lumpur, modern capital of Malaysia.
Pianos A short piano recital by Dennis Lee from Penang, a student at the Royal College of Music, precedes a story about craftsmanship in piano-making at an English factory.
Village Of Peace - Pestalozzi The Pestalozzi Children's Village in Sussex, where orphaned children of different races can spend five years before returning to their own countries.
Methuen Books An entirely new illustrated publication for young children.
Police Horses Police horses in training.
Mangla Dam The completion of the great Mangla Dam in West Pakistan which distributes irrigation waters equally between Pakistan and India.
Computers Factory testing of a new ITC 1900 computer.
Burroughs Wellcome The production of life-giving drugs an tropical medicines at the Research Laboratories of Burroughs Wellcome.
Roving Doctor Britain's gift of Landrovers equipped as mobile medical units for the Thai Roving Doctors Scheme.
Dussehra Celebrations, India Delhi crowds at a colourful procession celebrating the Dussehra festival.
Ceylon Tea Garden Tea-harvesting in Ceylon and packing it for sale in England.
Brooke Bond Tea Shows tea arriving by barge on the Thames and being unloaded in a warehouse. Samples from each consignment are packaged and sent to auction rooms. The bulk of the cargo is sent to a packing station.
Cattle Horn Works Useful and ornamental objects made from cattle horn.
Boat Show Water-scooters and an indoor water-ski simulator seen at London's International Boat Show.
Shipbuilding Training Centre Two management apprentices from Singapore at the Shipbuilding Industry Training Board's centre on the south coast.
Hong Kong Sea School The Hong Kong sea school, Stanley Bay, where boys combine a general education with a nautical training.
Thai Ministers At London Dock Thailand's Minister for Economic Affairs visiting the London docks.
Skates Factory Workers in an English shirt factory who speed production by using roller-skates in the warehouse.
Dolls Factory Robot dolls made by a firm in the Midlands.
Girls At Woburn Abbey A fashion show in the gardens of Woburn Abbey.
Singapore Jurang Industrial Estate The new Jurong Industrial Estate, nearing completion in Singapore.
Coles Cranes Cranes for home use and world export, made by an English firm which has been in existence since 1879.
Royal National Institute For The Blind The Royal National Institute for the Blind's centenary exhibition of the latest aids for blind people.
Baxter's Soup Canning fresh fruit and vegetables at a Scottish food factory.
Korea Electronic Signals Installation New electronic signalling equipment under construction on the Korean railway with the aid of a British loan.
Singaporean Engineers At CEGB A special course attended by overseas engineering students at the HQ of the Central Electricity Generating Board in Britain.
Linesman Pylon men working on the skilled and dangerous job of setting up overhead cross-country cables.
Philippines Visit To ICI Three provincial governors from the Philippines on a visit to the Jealott's Hill agricultural research station, where a new seed-drilling machine, the Rotaseeder, was of special interest.
Royal Show Many new aspects of agriculture demonstrated at Britain's 1968 Royal Show, held at Kenilworth, Warwickshire.
Bangkok University Bangkok University's Faculty of Engineering, much of whose equipment is provided by Britain under the Colombo Plan.
Geographical Magazine Expedition Up The Amazon By SRN6 Hovercraft The SRN6 hovercraft which a scientific expedition has successfully negotiated over rapids on the Orinoco River.
Hovermarine Southampton Naval visitors from East Pakistan inspecting the new Hovermarine II in Southampton.
Co-operative Fishing Brixham fishermen who have started their own profit-sharing co-operative.
Captain Cook The Yorkshire birthplace and early environment of Captain Cook - famous English navigator of the 18th century.
Goonhilly New Aerial Britain's giant aerial under construction at Goonhilly Downs, which will open new satellite communication links between Britain, India, Pakistan, Ceylon and Australia.
Henley Cables In Bombay Manufacture of electric cables at a British factory in Poona for electrification of Bombay's railways.
Malaysian Engineers Visit Mersey Tunnel Malaysian engineers touring the new 9,000,000 Mersey traffic tunnel.
Bradford University Training in technology for students at the University of Bradford, which was founded in 1966.
Making Bagpipes The traditional methods used in the making of bagpipes in Scotland.
Ghurka Band The Band of the Brigade of Ghurkas marching to bagpipe music.
Hong Kong Youth Camping and adventure training in the countryside surrounding Hong Kong.
Telford Medal The award of the Telford Medal to two engineers working on Pakistan's new Mangla Dam.
Mangla Dam The Mangla Dam in West Pakistan, and the new town of Mirpur which has grown up to replace the old town, now submerged beneath the waters of the Mangla Lake. The dam is the first stage in a project controlling the River Indus and its tributaries.
Desalination A desalination equipment company in Scotland which has supplied over half the plants throughout the world.
Rowney Paints Artists' paints - water, acrylic and oil colours - manufactured by a British firm for the home market and more than 100 countries overseas.
Hovercraft Grand Prix At Woburn A recent meeting of do-it-yourself hovercraft enthusiasts in the grounds of Woburn Abbey.
Condensed Milk Ceylon Ceylon's fast expanding dairy industry and condensed milk production.
Dairy Show '68 The Royal International Dairy Show in London.
Rothamsted Eel Worm Research A visit to Rothamsted Experimental Station in Hertfordshire by delegates to the international plant pathology conference.
Robinsons Packaging High-speed machinery used in a British factory to produce hygienic and attractive wrappings for various products.
Sweet Manufacture Modern manufacture of the old-fashioned humbug.
Singapore Dockyards Conversion of the Singapore Dockyards to civilian use by a famous firm of British shipbuilders.
Malta Dockyards Conversion of the Malta Royal Dockyards to civilian use by a famous firm of British shipbuilders.
Michael Stewart A day in the busy life of Mr Michael Stewart who, when the Foreign and Commonwealth Offices were recently merged, had the responsibilities of the Commonwealth added to his foreign secretaryship.
London/Sydney Car Rally Arrival in Bombay of drivers in the London to Sydney Marathon Car Rally to board the boat for Australia.
Land Rover Korean visitors at the Land Rover factory in Britain.
Korean Textiles Traditional and modern methods of textile manufacture in Korea.
Stibbe Knitting Machines A visit to Stibbe's factory, where the highly automated, electronically controlled knitting machines are made.
Galashiels Textile College Students of textile design at the Galashiels Woollen Technical College in Scotland.
200,000th Mini Exported David Hart, B.M.C. worker on the Mini at Longbridge, who won a ballot which took him to Hong Kong to present the keys of the firm's 200,000th export car to its owner.
Thai Elephants Achievements in transport: trained elephants in Thailand.
Hong Kong Peak Tram Achievements in transport: Hong Kong's funicular Peak tram.
British Railways Modernisation Achievements in transport: fast trains from Gatwick Airport to London, cars by Motorail, hovercraft and container freight.
New Decimal Coinage Production of the new British decimal currency at the Royal Mint.
Hatton Garden Jewellery And Mattli Fashions Modern jewellery by designer, John Donald, complements gowns by Mattli.
Malaysian Wedding A Malaysian wedding reception at the High Commission in London attended by Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman, who blessed the couple.
Thai Rice Cultivation Rice cultivation in Thailand.
Stramit Machine British machinery used in the conversion of surplus ice straw into fire-resistant Stramit boards for interior walls.
Hille Furniture The design and planning of modern hotel and office furnishings by a London firm.
Blind Physiotherapists Jane Chee, a blind student from Malaysia, at the School of Physiotherapy run by the Royal Institute of the Blind.
Expo '70 British architects Powell and Moya's new quadrangle and picture gallery for Christ Church College, Oxford, and their plans for the British Pavilion at Expo 70.
Singapore Science Block The modern eight-floor Science Block completed for Singapore University at a cost of nearly 450,000, donated by Britain.
Alloa Police College Brigadier Siswadji, Assistant to the Commander-in-Chief of the Indonesian Police, on a visit to Scotland's Police College.
Asbestos Mintex Car Brakes The preparation of mineral asbestos in combination with other ingredients for manufacture of moulded vehicle brake-linings.
Electrical Appliance Testing Safety and efficiency tests on electrical appliances at the British Electricity Council's laboratories.
Vietnam Dancers South Vietnamese dancers performing in London.
Howard Rotovators A British firm's tractor-rotovators, which are of great value to rice producing countries in South East Asia.
Barbara Hepworth Dame Barbara Hepworth, the sculptress, working at her home in St Ives, Cornwall.
Assay Office The precise tests for purity of gold and silver articles used by the London Assay Office before applying hallmarks.
Butterfly Farm Butterflies bred for schools, universities and entomologists at a British farm.
Asian Pot Pourri A reception at the Commonwealth Institute where dancers from 12 countries helped to raise money for books for women's organisations in South East Asia.
Laos Medical Unit The Thakhek Medical Mission in Laos financed by the Colombo Plan, where a British medical team partners the Loatian staff.
500th & 501st Thai Trainees Under Colombo Plan Thai students, also under the auspices of the Colombo Plan, at the University of South Wales.
Hornsea Pottery Production of traditional English Hornsea pottery.
Plessey Telephones A British factory where the latest telephones, high-speed automatic exchanges and switchboards are manufactured and assembled for world-wide markets.
Britain's Toys A successful experiment by a British toy factory in its formation of a children's advisory panel.
Queen's Birthday Parade HM the Queen at the Trooping the Colour ceremony, which ended with the fly-past being joined by the Concorde making its first flight over London.
New Airport In Brunei Early stages in site clearance for Brunei's new five-and-a-half million pound airport, which is to be British designed and built.
Asbestos Production of insulating materials from asbestos quarried from McDane Mountain, Canada.
Fire Fighting Television cameras as an aid to fire-fighting and training firemen.
BBC Far East Service The BBC's Far Eastern Service on an outside broadcast visit, with a BBC Chinese reporter, to a plastics factory belonging to Britain's largest chemical manufacturers, a BBC Thai reporter talking about London's Thai community and a "student of the year" party entertained by a beautiful dancer.
Leyland Buses Apprentice training by Britain's largest motor manufacturer and visitors from Indonesia, who are buying double-decker buses.
Leyland Buses In Djakarta The buses on trial in Djakarta's city streets.
Wedgwood Pottery The extraction and treatment of high quality china clay from Cornish hillsides, and traditional skills which are still vital for the production of Wedgwood pottery.
Princess Alexandra HRH Princess Alexandra at home with her husband, the Hon. Mr Angus Ogilvy, and their two children shortly before leaving England on an official tour. Princess Alexandra in Singapore for the 150th anniversary of its foundation.
Coconut Research in Ceylon Crop research into the coconut palm in Ceylon, where its products are third in importance after tea and rubber.
Tropical Products Institute Experiments at Britain's Tropical Products Institute on the extraction of coconut protein for human consumption and increasing general commercial production.
De La Rue Forensic Laboratory The research laboratory of a century-old printing firm specialising in banknotes, stamps and security documents, and their important new stamp-printing process - 'Delacryl'.
Stamp Exhibition Commonwealth stamps exhibited at the Commonwealth Institute.
1969 Scout Jamboree An international Scout weekend, held at Gilwell Park near London.
Vientiane Radio Station The start of the first Asian Highway Car Rally reported by Radio Vientiane from the new Broadcasting House, built and mostly equipped by Britain.
Royal College Of Art Film School Students on a three-year degree course at the Royal College of Art's Film School.
Waste Paper The latest methods employed in collecting and processing waste paper.
Metallic Inks New metallic inks and plastic-based aluminium foils for posters, decorations and even protective medical dressings.
The Lord Mayor's Show The Lord Mayor's Show passing through the City of London.
Hong Kong Satellite Dish Hong Kong's two-and-a-half million pound Cable and Wireless station, which provides a valuable new link in world telecommunication traffic by satellite.
Thomson Television The Thomson Foundation Television College's extension courses for television staff from overseas.
TV In Banks Bank cashiers aided in their transactions by television cameras.
Do It Yourself Dinghy Kit Do-it-yourself boat kits and catamarans for work or pleasure.
The Islander The British 'Islander', a versatile, economical short-distance plane, used in the Channel Islands for tourist, charter, freight and ambulance work.
Farnborough 1968 An aerobatic display by the RAF Red Arrows.
Thorn's Colour TV Tubes The manufacture of colour television tubes.
Indian Elephants Festive crowds in Jaipur, India, celebrating the monsoon season.
Malaysian Plant Pathologist Miss Tan Ah Moy, a plant pathologist from Malaysia, who is studying a fungs disease which attacks both fruit and rubber trees, working at a research station in East Malling, and a co-operative fruit packing station also at East Malling, which handles the harvest of nearly 50 growers.
Bibby Pack The new packaging formula for awkward and diverse shaped goods - a low-density semi-rigid polyurethane foam.
Fountains For Expo A sculpture by Arthur Fleischmann, combining multi-coloured perspex and water, chosen for the British Pavilion at Expo '70.
Osaka Expo '70 The various themes expressed by some of Expo 70's national pavilions, including that of Great Britain.
VIPs At Coventry Architects and engineers from Malaysia seeing what has and is still to be done in rebuilding the city of Coventry, which received severe bomb damage during the war.
Knitting Wools Knitting wool production and colour control systems used at the Darlington factory of a company exporting world-wide.
Royal Tour Of New Zealand -Preview Dairy farming and the tourist attractions of New Zealand.
Royal Tour Of Australia The Royal Family's visit to Australia and New Zealand this year.
Seychelles Tourism The beautiful but isolated Seychelles, which will soon be on the tourist map after completion of a new international airport.
Forestry Officer From Ceylon Oxford graduate Mr Muttiah, a Ceylonese forestry officer, on a post-graduate course under the Colombo Plan to study forest development for paper pulp production.
Forest Parks Forestry and forest parks in Northern Ireland.
Lone Star Model Cars Flyers - model cars for export, built to withstand the toughest treatment.
Hover Dodgems A development of the fairground "bumper car" - miniature hovercraft.
Scoobeedoo A newly designed boat called the Scoobee-Doo, which is made of expanded polystyrene foam, built to hold six people with maximum safety.
Hong Kong Dragon Boats The traditional Dragon Boat Races in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Building A new estate of low-cost flats housing 54,000 people, part of Hong Kong's resettlement scheme for its refugee swollen population.
Building Research Station Britain's Building Research Station where experiments on wind stresses and sound insulation are among problems studied.
Pipe Technology The latest discoveries in "pipe technology" by a North of England firm, the world's largest manufacturer of cast iron pipes.
Dickson's Roses Rose growing with the Dickson family of Northern Ireland.
1970 Commonwealth Games Highlights from the 1970 Commonwealth Games held in Edinburgh.
Farnborough '70 Highlights of the 1970 Farnborough International Air Show.
Singapore - Coral And Shells The marine museum in Singapore and its comprehensive collection of corals and shells.
Indian Mining Engineer In Gypsum Mine The training of students and visiting engineers in the newest mining techniques and minerology at Britain's Royal School of Mines.
Conran Furniture A group of consultants who design, manufacture and install office equipment and furniture.
JC Doughty John Carr Doughty, one of the world's leading authorities on knitted fashions and the manufacture of knitting machines.
Muda River Dam Farmers from NW Malaysia at a conference learning how the new Muda River Dam operates to irrigate and improve their rice crops.
Model Engineering Exhibition The 40th Model Engineering Exhibition.
Airfix Models Model toy manufacturers "scaling down" the giant Mountbatten SRN4 hovercraft for their latest construction kit.
MIRA - Car Test Car tests by the Motor Industry Research Association.
Skid Kids Eight-year-old Kevin Smith, a "star" grass track rider, practising at the only children's motorcycling club in Europe.
Burmese Marine Biologist The Isle of Man Marine Biological Station, visited by students and post-graduate biologists like Win Aung from Burma.
Orchids - Singapore Orchids for the world grown in Singapore by Mr and Mrs John Ede.
Stuart's Crystal Glass Apprentice glass blowers, cutters and engravers learning to make Stuart Crystal in Wales.
Hot Air Balloon Hot-air ballooning.
Tropical Fish One of the largest tropical fish farms in Singapore.
Export Packing Airtight and weatherproof, made-to-measure plastic containers for export packaging.
Lost Parcels The Post Office Return Branch in Portsmouth, where postal detectives deal with badly addressed or lost mail.
Driving Simulator Motoring tuition on an indoor link driver/trainer.
Motor Bike Scramble 30 riders from four countries competing in the International Motorcycle Scramble.
Installation Of The Agong The installation ceremony of His Majesty Tuanku Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah, elected Supreme Head of the Federation of Malaysia for the next five years.
Malaysian Silversmith Malaysian silversmith Sulainan Othman who designed sports trophies for the Ulster '71 Exhibition.
Ulster '71 The Ulster '71 Exhibition, which displays the achievements of Northern Ireland at work and play.
Henry VIII Costumes Costumes for the successful television series 'The Six Wives of Henry the Eighth'.
The Derby The Derby, won this year by Mill Reef.
Penang - Chinese New Year A religious ceremony at the Penang Snake Temple during the Chinese New Year.
Disposable Tableware The manufacture of throw-away tableware from a laminate of paper and plastic.
Buenos Aires The city of Buenos Aires with its open-air sculpture gallery in the artists' quarter.
Malaysian Artist And Art in Hyde Park Painter John Lim from Singapore, who is an exhibitor at London's out-of-doors art shows in the Bayswater Road.
Inflatables Inflatable plastic for weather protection, storage or just fun shapes.
Singapore - Thaipusan Celebrations during the Hindu ceremony of Thaipusam in Singapore.
Royal Show Exhibits, craft demonstrations and livestock judging at the Royal Agricultural Show.
Gaucho Festival The gaucho festival at San Antonio de Reco near Buenos Aires.
Archery Championships Competition by bowmen from 32 countries for the 16th World Archery Championship.
Cardiff Tattoo The Brigade of Gurkhas giving a musical display in the courtyard of Cardiff Castle.
BOAC Jumbo Jets Modern giant jets.
Bird Man A brief retrospect of flight.
Model Planes Making and flying model aircraft.
Malaysian Potter And Artist The work of Malaysian artist Oi Town Chin, a postgraduate student at Birmingham School of Art Education.
Royal Academy Of Music One of the world's leading music training centres and a students' orchestral rehearsal.
Big Ben Westminster's famous tower clock, Big Ben, and the man who keeps it going.
Singapore Exhibition The British Industrial Exhibition in Singapore.
Computer Art A new computer application which produces an enlarged colour picture or portrait in oils from a black and white negative.
Learning By Jigsaw Jigsaw puzzle manufacture.
Pestolozzi Village Children at a Pestalozzi village in South East England.
Aberdeen Fish Laboratories Fish studies at Aberdeen's Marine Laboratory to increase catches while ensuring survival of stocks.
Hong Kong Carnival A beach carnival in Repulse Bay, Hong Kong.
Stunt Girl Roberta Gibbs, film stunt girl.
White Helmet Cyclist Training Royal Corps of Signals despatch riders on one of the toughest Army selection courses, competing for membership of White Helmet display team.
White Helmet Cyclist Display Royal Corps of Signals despatch riders performing as part of the elite White Helmet display team.
Flight From Hongkong - Sydney BOAC flight from Hong Kong to Sydney with scenes in Hong Kong and Kaitak Airport.
Cyclo Cross British Cyclo-Cross Association races.
Children's Penny Farthings Children on penny farthings as an introduction to 'Old Cycling and Traffic' material.
Old Cycling Material The history of the bicycle.
Traffic Control Television and computers aiding traffic control in London.
Discotheque Fun Palace entertainment.
Bowie Films The expertise of a film company in arranging special effects for violent action and battle scenes.
Fashion Sculpture Shop window dummies modelled from life and reproduced in fibre glass for sale in over 40 countries.
Sovereign Lighthouse The Royal Sovereign Light Tower in the English Channel, seven miles off Beachy Head, manned by Trinity House staff.
Moon Dance A highland folk dance display by students of Hong Kong's Bishop Hall Jubilee School.
Burglar Alarm Sonar, microwave and invisible rays in a technological battle against the burglar.
Carpet Design The Department of Carpet Design at Kidderminster College of Further Education.
Waxed Flowers Hand-made wax flowers for use in advertising, hotels, films and television.
Sierra Leone Dancers The Sierra Leone National Dance Troupe.
Stirling University and Safari Park Stirling, the newest of Scotland's eight universities, and the nearby and Safari Park.
Scottish Veterinary College  The Tropical Veterinary Medicine Centre, Edinburgh, where Mr Jegatheeswaren from Sri Lanka is one of many postgraduate overseas students to take a diploma course.
RSPCA Hostel At London Airport The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals' hostel at London Airport and its care for creatures in worldwide transit.
Hong Kong Night Life Hong Kong celebrating the end of a 10-day festival.
Hong Kong Highland Water Scheme The Hong Kong Water Authority's new High Island Project to intercept water from Sai Kung Peninsula for a 60,000 million gallon reservoir.
Indonesian Governors At Corby Steelworks His Excellency Governor Noer from East Java and His Excellency Governor Zair from West Sumatra visiting the British Steel Corporation's pipe-making plant at Corby.
Living In Steel Steel appliances, cooking pots and cutlery etc. for the home.
Decorative Titanium Mr Nayan from Sri Lanka working with titanium, a totally corrosive-resistant metal used in Concorde and spacecraft, and also for decorative objects owing to its unique range of colours and textures.
Malaysian Wedding The traditional wedding ceremony in London of His Excellency the High Commissioner of Malaysia's daughter.
Embroidery Exhibition An Embroiderers' Guild of Britain exhibition.
Seychelles Tourism and the Seychelles.
Catering College Students of Department of Catering and Domestic Subjects at the North College.
Eranga And Prianga Folk singers from Sri Lanka: Eranga and Prianga.
Restoring King And Saints Cleaning and restoring London buildings, and the replacement of sculpted figures on the Houses of Parliament.
Turkey The strange sculptured landscapes of Goreme and Anatolia in Turkey.
Salt Mine Salt mining in Britain.
Edinburgh Tattoo - Singapore Regiment Traditional dances performed at the Royal Tattoo, Edinburgh, by the Singapore armed forces.
Plastics Manufacture In Hong Kong Manufacture of plastic goods in Hong Kong, an export trade second only to textiles.
Plastic Maps For The Blind 3-dimensional plastic maps for the blind resulting from a project by boys of Gateway School, Leicester.
Cartography Latest aids to aerial photography map making.
Pestalozzi Children On The Isle of Man A holiday dancing tour of the Isle of Man by young people from the Pestalozzi Children's Village Trust.
Kneller Hall Corporal Hamzah, Royal Malay Regiment, a graduate of the Royal Military School of Music, Kneller Hall.
Polycells Children's Art A building trade cellulose filler used by English children preparing exhibits for a schools art competition.
School Of Theatre Design, Birmingham The work of students taking a 3-year course at a drama school in the Midlands.
India - Bengali Religious Festival The Indian festival of Durga Puja.
Water Babies Swimming courses organised by local authorities in Britain for very young children.
Mobile Zoo Mobile zoos for children in city parts, an idea of the Greater London Council.
Elephant Polo Elephant polo in India.
Agricultural Engineering College Engineering training for students from Thailand, Singapore and Sri Lanka at the National College of Agricultural Engineering.
Spalding Flower Festival Commercial bulb crops in eastern England and the annual flower parade.
EMI Cassettes Senor Torti of Chilian TV at an EMI recording session in London by the Southern Comfort pop group.
Cotton Institute The International Institute for Cotton in Manchester formed to strengthen cotton's market position throughout the world.
Cotton Fashion Show A look at 'Tomorrow's Cottons' fashion show.
Nuclear Power Station And Fish Farm Development planners from Malaysia touring Hulverston, Scotland's first nuclear power station. Nothing is wasted, a cultivation unit of the White Fish Authority farms fish in sea water used to cool the system.
Puppets The Harlequin Puppet Theatre, with puppet master Eric Bramall.
Emmett's Time Fountain Emmett's Rhythmical Fountain Clock in a regional shopping centre.
Tana Grass A new way of producing a carpet of grass with a foam back called Tana Grass.
Grass Land Research Controlled feeding of lambs.
Jonathan Kenworthy's Sculpture in Bronze The work of Jonathan Kenworthy, sculptor of human beings and animals.
Petra A visit to Petra, in Jordan, a great city carved out of the natural rock.
Jean Gibson And Modern Sculpture The changing face of London, from traditional to contemporary, featuring some of Jean Gibson's sculptures in perspex and fibreglass.
Thailand Umbrella Village Northern Thailand, a few miles from Chiang Mai where the entire village is devoted to making parasol and umbrellas.
Mary Hare School For The Deaf The Mary Hare Grammar School where the children, who range from partially and totally deaf are given a grammar school education up to university entrance level.
Coin Detector Demonstrating the portable coin detector.
Osibisa Group A performance by the Osibisa music group.
Thailand 'New Ancient' City Reconstruction of temples and palaces dating from as far back as the first century, built near new Bangkok.
Malaysian Craftsmen Three Malays enjoying a visit to Windsor Castle whilst in Britain to be trained how to instruct and teach their skills to others.
Car Crash Testing 'Hard Centre' Using an impact simulator to help car designers find out what happens in case of accidents.
Artist in Porcelain - Patrick O'Hara Patrick O'Hara porcelain artist, sculptor of flowers.
Korean Shipyards Korea's Hyundai shipyard and the training centre at Ulsan both planned by the British shipbuilders A & P Appledore when they developed plans for the shipyard.
Koreans At Scott-Lithgow A visit by Koreans to the Scott-Lithgow shipyards in Port Glasgow.
Crown Derby China Visitors from Sri Lanka study Royal Crown Derby, fine bone china.
Temples And Stone Carvings In Bali Balinese art, where the whole population of Bali seems to carve, paint, dance or play musical instruments.
Balinese Children Dancing Balinese children's dancing class.
Ulsan Institute Of Technology In Korea The Ulsan Institute of Technology in Korea where students learn practical skills for industrial jobs.
Indonesian Batik Artists Fabric printing using wax at Java in Indonesia.
Thailand - Boat Building on Mekong River Thailand on the Mekong River where there is a training scheme in operation by the British firm Swan Hunter Group to teach boat building.
Korea - Royal Music Korean court music.
Korea - Traditional Dancing Korean traditional dancing.
